{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh11560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CSH Constitution Last Updated: Page 4 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Article II Membership 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 There are five major types of membership available to Computer Science House. Each carries different qual- ifications, expectations, and privileges. When describing the different memberships available, the following terms are used: 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Qualifications: What qualifications an applicant needs to apply\uc0\u8232 Selection: The process by which an applicant gains membership\u8232 Expectations: The duties and responsibilities of House members\u8232 Privileges: The benefits offered to House members\u8232 Evaluations: The process by which a member is reviewed and assessed\u8232 Leave of Absence: The process by which a member may leave House for a period of time Resignations: The process by which a member terminates House membership 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Term: The length of time the membership lasts 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Section 2.A Community Membership 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 2.A.1 Community Membership Qualifications 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory Membership is open to all students at the Rochester Institute of Technology. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.2 Community Membership Selection 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Applicants notify the House of their interest in membership by submitting an application to the Evaluations Director. They must then undergo the selection process as defined in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.3 Community Membership Expectations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members are expected to meet all the requirements of the Introductory Process, as described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.4 Community Membership Privileges 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members receive the right to use Computer Science House facilities, to attend House functions, and to have housing priority over all persons who are not Computer Science House members. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.5 Community Membership Evaluations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members are evaluated on their performance during the introductory period. The introductory evaluation process is described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.6 Community Membership Leave of Absence 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 After completion of the Introductory Packet, an Introductory member may request a leave of absence through the process described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.7 Community Membership Resignations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members may resign by submitting the request for termination of membership to the Chair- person, or Evaluations Director in writing before the completion of the introductory process. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 CSH Constitution Last Updated: Page 5 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.A.8 Community Membership Term 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory membership shall last until the end of the introductory process, at which time active member- ship is granted or membership is revoked. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Section 2.B Student Organization Membership 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 2.B.1 Community Membership Qualifications 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory Membership is open to all students at the Rochester Institute of Technology. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.2 Community Membership Selection 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Applicants notify the House of their interest in membership by submitting an application to the Evaluations Director. They must then undergo the selection process as defined in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.3 Community Membership Expectations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members are expected to meet all the requirements of the Introductory Process, as described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.4 Community Membership Privileges 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members receive the right to use Computer Science House facilities, to attend House functions, and to have housing priority over all persons who are not Computer Science House members. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.5 Community Membership Evaluations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members are evaluated on their performance during the introductory period. The introductory evaluation process is described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.6 Community Membership Leave of Absence 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 After completion of the Introductory Packet, an Introductory member may request a leave of absence through the process described in ??. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.7 Community Membership Resignations 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory members may resign by submitting the request for termination of membership to the Chair- person, or Evaluations Director in writing before the completion of the introductory process. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 2.B.8 Community Membership Term 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 Introductory membership shall last until the end of the introductory process, at which time active member- ship is granted or membership is revoked. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Section 2.C Section 2.D Section 2.E 
\fs24 \

\fs32 Steering Comittee Membership Advisor Membership 
\fs24 \

\fs32 Mentor Membership 
\fs24 \
}